  Mozilla Public License

Conditions of Use

These conditions of use apply to the open source version of the Saxon 
product, on both the Java and .NET platforms. Additional terms and 
conditions apply to the commercial Saxon-SA product.

Saxon

The contents of the downloaded file (saxon[version].zip) are subject to 
the Mozilla Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use 
this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy 
of the License at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/

Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" 
basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under 
the License.

The Original Code of Saxon comprises all those components which are not 
explicitly attributed to other parties.

The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Michael Kay. Until February 
2001 Michael Kay was an employee of International Computers Limited (now 
part of Fujitsu Limited), and original code developed during that time 
was released under this license by permission from International 
Computers Limited. From February 2001 until February 2004 Michael Kay was 
an employee of Software AG, and code developed during that time was 
released under this license by permission from Software AG, acting as a 
"Contributor". Subsequent code has been developed by Saxonica Limited, 
of which Michael Kay is a Director, again acting as a "Contributor". A 
small number of modules, or enhancements to modules, have been developed 
by other individuals (either written specially for Saxon, or incorporated 
into Saxon having initially been released as part of another open source 
product). Such contributions are acknowledged individually in comments 
attached to the relevant code modules. All Rights Reserved.

If you produce a product that includes or requires Saxon, please refer to 
it prominently as "The Saxon XSLT and XQuery Processor from Saxonica 
Limited", and include the URL of the home page, which is at 
http://www.saxonica.com/. As a courtesy, please take reasonable steps to 
ensure that your users know that they are running Saxon.

There is no guarantee of technical support, though I am usually able to 
answer enquiries within a few days. Please subscribe to the mailing list 
available at http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/saxon-help and 
raise any enquiries there. Also check the Saxon project pages on 
SourceForge for details of known errors; all bugs are listed there as soon 
as I have sufficient evidence to describe the nature of the problem. 
